hi it's haggard um and we're going to be
really feeling candy girl box let's go
open in first thing i see on the top is
this this is one moon i think that it's
my new are little cute i like sparkle on
nail polish it's electric blue i tell
you electric blue oh well this is a
pretty bracelet these are pretty
bracelets
two little clips so if you wanted to do
this so we're not really good with my
right left right whatever hand if you
just wanna look cute music and this is
lip serum made with beets well it has a
good smell this is um great flavored lip
gloss and this is Anna and Elsa thing
else I know no diary that's what I like
to call these so we're going to be
trying everything here I'm just going to
try this first
now I'm going to be turning this oh oh
that's just so weird
p-put it comes like this weight when you
put it like this it looks like a baby
pan now let's get open up this frozen
diary oh they give me enough oh oh okay
now I got it I love keeping a journal in
case I want to write what do you write
it about in your journals if you even
like writing injure your journals
and it looks like this I'm just drinking
I'll air buddies so this is some nail
polish this is the fun part
do you like the color I do
oh no it struggled it's long and the
lips tear up maybe you should put the
sheer upon first yeah Lee very oily it's
great my favorite last thing I wanted to
do is try on these bracelets are you
even trying like making a bracelet on
camera yeah it's nice and quickly but it
doesn't hurt I really like this stuff so
I made a right decision I'll try making
one review in general
yeah I'm gonna do this on camera like
but when I finish I will show you it
baby pain baby and if you one of these
options cuz I'm only giving away
shopkins but I have to
oh wait
bye to you and have a happy time for
watching
candy girl gearbox relics